The first edit was the folder structure containing the skeleton of the search engine app; 
The next step was to do a code review of weaknesses and necessary improvement I can make to my codebase;
Used TF-IDF initially but upgrade it to BM25 which is better;
I want to have my search crawl the web live, insted of having an index document that reads queries as json then return an output.
Used TF-IDF initially but upgrade it to BM25 which is better;
Nov 6, I finished the phase 2 adjustments that uses stemming, stop words, search analytics, query autocomplete, algorithm comparism BM25 vs TF-IDF
4, Google has paid APIs but I want a free one, I will either go for Bing or DuckDuckGo I have two options: A(fast) add a simple adapter for Bing (or DuckDUckGI if I want a free non-API approach), aggregator, and wire it into app.py. I’ll include caching and a small test.
Option B (safer, less code): Provide a ready-to-run adapter skeleton and a quick guide to plug in API keys and enable live search.
Pagination summary: backend logic, API response, Query parameters, Total Pages Calc, Result SLicing, and a working HTML UI
13/Nov/2025; Implemented a hybrid search that takes local indexed URLS and store it as a JSON then return it to users, and WEb api key that calls SERP duckduckgo API documentation and crawls the web then return users result and filter it.
Improved the UI to make a google-like feel; though my results still looks like it is in it early stage; I am not giving up; The competition is in a 15 days time; More corrections and adjustment will be on adding more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
Nov 14, 2025; I have implemented a hybrid search that takes local indexed URLS and store it as a JSON then return it to users, and WEb api key that calls SERP duckduckgo API documentation and crawls the web then return users result and filter it.
Improved the UI to make a google-like feel; though my results still looks like it is in it early stage; I am not giving up; The competition is in a 15 days time; More corrections and adjustment will be on adding more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
I made my first session of a search engine that is working perfectly; I have a local indexed URLS and store it as a JSON then return it to users, and WEb api key that calls SERP duckduckgo API documentation and crawls the web then return users result and filter it.
I have finlly mde a progresssssssssss......
Next steps:
1. Add more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
2. Add more features to the search engine like pagination, sorting, filtering, and more.
3. Add more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
4. Add more features to the search engine like pagination, sorting, filtering, and more.
5. Add more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
6. Add more features to the search engine like pagination, sorting, filtering, and more.
7. Add more pages to the UI feel and making sure the search, crawl, indexing, processing, and ranker works perfectly.
8. Add more features to the search engine like pagination, sorting, filtering, and more.
Fix issue logo.svg and favicon.ico....